.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.TH "psftp" "1" "2004\(hy03\(hy24" "PuTTY\ tool\ suite" "PuTTY\ tool\ suite"
.SH "NAME"
.PP
\fBpsftp\fP \- interactive SFTP (secure file transfer protocol) client
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
.nf
\fBpsftp\fP\ [\fIoptions\fP]\ [\fIuser\fP\fB@\fP]\fIhost\fP
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBpsftp\fP is an interactive text-based client for the SSH-based SFTP (secure file transfer) protocol.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
The command-line options supported by \fBpsftp\fP are:
.IP "\fB-V\fP"
Show version information and exit.
.IP "\fB-pgpfp\fP"
Display the fingerprints of the PuTTY PGP Master Keys and exit, to aid in verifying new files released by the PuTTY team.
.IP "\fB-b\fP \fIbatchfile\fP"
Use specified batchfile.
.IP "\fB-bc\fP"
Output batchfile commands.
.IP "\fB-be\fP"
Don't stop batchfile processing on errors.
.IP "\fB-v\fP"
Show verbose messages.
.IP "\fB-load\fP \fIsession\fP"
Load settings from saved session.
.IP "\fB-P\fP \fIport\fP"
Connect to port \fIport\fP.
.IP "\fB-l\fP \fIuser\fP"
Set remote username to \fIuser\fP.
.IP "\fB-batch\fP"
Disable interactive prompts.
.IP "\fB-pw\fP \fIpassword\fP"
Set remote password to \fIpassword\fP. \fICAUTION:\fP this will likely make the password visible to other users of the local machine (via commands such as `\fBw\fP').
.IP "\fB-1\fP"
Force use of SSH protocol version 1.
.IP "\fB-2\fP"
Force use of SSH protocol version 2.
.IP "\fB-C\fP"
Enable SSH compression.
.IP "\fB-i\fP \fIpath\fP"
Private key file for user authentication.
.IP "\fB\-hostkey\fP \fIkey\fP"
Specify an acceptable host public key. This option may be specified multiple times; each key can be either a fingerprint (\fB99:aa:bb:...\fP) or a base64-encoded blob in OpenSSH\*(Aqs one-line format.
.RS
.PP
Specifying this option overrides automated host key management; \fIonly\fP the key(s) specified on the command-line will be accepted (unless a saved session also overrides host keys, in which case those will be added to), and the host key cache will not be written. 
.RE
.SH "COMMANDS"
.PP
For a list of commands available inside \fBpsftp\fP, type \fBhelp\fP at the \fBpsftp>\fP prompt.
.SH "MORE INFORMATION"
.PP
For more information on \fBpsftp\fP it\*(Aqs probably best to go and look at the manual on the PuTTY web page:
.PP
\fBhttp://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/\fP
.SH "BUGS"
.PP
This man page isn't terribly complete. See the above web link for better documentation.
